README.md, before:

# shieldbow

An all-purpose, easy-to-use API wrapper for the league of legends API
<div align="center">
	<br />
	<p>
		<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/shieldbow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/shieldbow.svg?maxAge=3600&style=for-the-badge" alt="npm version" /></a>
		<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/shieldbow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/shieldbow.svg?maxAge=3600&style=for-the-badge" alt="npm downloads" /></a>
		<a href="https://github.com/TheDrone7/shieldbow/actions"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/TheDrone7/shieldbow/nodejs-ci.yml?branch=main&color=%2322b822&style=for-the-badge" alt="Tests status" /></a>
		<a href="https://codecov.io/gh/TheDrone7/shieldbow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/gh/TheDrone7/shieldbow?style=for-the-badge" alt="code coverage" /></a>
	</p>
</div>

---

### Installing

Node.JS 16 or higher is recommended.

Install using 
```
npm install shieldbow

yarn add shieldbow

pnpm add shieldbow
```

See the [documentation](https://thedrone7.github.io/shieldbow/) to learn more!

Commit message:

Rewrite/v3: Shieldbow web (#75)
* Delete code, new monorepo structure

* Remove old package.json

* Add client initalization

* Add client initalization

* 0.1.0

* Add champion interfaces

* Add tsc-alias for better imports

* Add stat name type

* Finish off champion fetching

* Finish off champion fetching

* Add logger and cache config options

* Add item structure

* Add ability to fetch Items

* Add meraki stats to items

* Fix images, remove redundant manager config

* Add ddragon rune interface

* Add rune structure and stat runes raw data

* Add runes, fix items

* Add summoner spells

* Add challenge structure and types

* Add challenges manager

* 0.2.0

* Add prefetching

* Add more config to cache and logger

* Set up tests, client test

* Add champion tests

* Add items tests

* Add logger test

* Added rune test

* Add summoner spells test

* Add challenges test

* Add docs setup, missing docs, missing exports

* Remove extracted file

* Switch to pnpm in gh workflow

* Set up monorepo

* Set up monorepo

* Fix workflow

* Add codecov.yml

* Add ability to get old meraki patches

README.md, after:

# shieldbow (v2)

An all-purpose, easy-to-use API wrapper for the league of legends API
<div align="center">
	<br />
	<p>
		<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/shieldbow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/shieldbow.svg?maxAge=3600&style=for-the-badge" alt="npm version" /></a>
		<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/shieldbow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/shieldbow.svg?maxAge=3600&style=for-the-badge" alt="npm downloads" /></a>
		<a href="https://github.com/TheDrone7/shieldbow/actions"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/TheDrone7/shieldbow/nodejs-ci.yml?branch=main&color=%2322b822&style=for-the-badge" alt="Tests status" /></a>
		<a href="https://codecov.io/gh/TheDrone7/shieldbow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/gh/TheDrone7/shieldbow?style=for-the-badge" alt="code coverage" /></a>
	</p>
</div>

> The code in the repository is for the unpublished, work in progress version (v3) of shieldbow.

> The published version (v2) is available for use on npm.

---

### Installing

Node.JS 16 or higher is recommended.

Install using 
```
npm install shieldbow

yarn add shieldbow

pnpm add shieldbow
```

See the [documentation](https://thedrone7.github.io/shieldbow/) to learn more!

---

# @shieldbow/web (v1) - The web-friendly version of shieldbow

An all-purpose, easy-to-use client for the league of legends API.
This is safe to use on the frontend, requires no API key, but is less powerful than the full library.

This is part of Shieldbow (v3) - a work in progress.

There are no shieldbow-web specific documentation (yet), but is fairly intuitive and similar to shieldbow (v2) on the surface.
The documentation will be available upon completion of shieldbow (v3).

To install shieldbow-web, use (depending on your package manager)
```bash
npm install @shieldbow/web

yarn add @shieldbow/web

pnpm add @shieldbow/web
```

---
