# [Client](/api/client)

### Client constructor

```ts
const client = new Client('API_KEY');
```

Here, your `API_KEY` is the key you want to use to make requests to the API.

This will create a new instance of the client, but it won't be ready for use yet.
To make it usable, we move on towards the next section - [Client initialization](#client-initialization).

### Client initialization

```ts
client.initialize({
  // Client options
});
```

Below are the details of the initialization options.
Full details can be found in the [ClientOptions](/api/clientconfig) interface.

Quick overview of the options:

1. `cache`: The caching options, learn more about it [here](/guide/caching).
2. `storage`: The storage options, learn more about it [here](/guide/storage).
3. `fetch`: The pre-fetching options. You can use these two pre-fetch some data dragon data during initialization
   to avoid having to fetch it later, making the API requests MUCH faster. Disabled by default.
   Can be set to `true` or `false` to enable or disable it for everything. Can also fine tune it by providing a  
   [PreFetchConfig](/api/prefetchconfig) object.
4. `region`: The region to use for the client (defaults to `na`).
5. `locale`: The locale in which to fetch all the data (defaults to region's default). Since the default region is `na`,
   the default locale is `en-US` but it would also automatically update if you change the region.
6. `logger`: The config options logging utility for debugging logs.
7. `ratelimiter`: The options for the ratelimiter/requests queue.
   Check out the [rate limiting docs](/guide/ratelimiting) to learn more about this.
8. `version`: The version of the data dragon files to use. Defaults to the latest version.

::alert{type="warning"}

<p>The data dragon files are fetched automatically when making a request to one of the following APIs.</p>

- Spectator v4
- Match v5
- Champion Mastery v4

<p>
Therefore, it is recommended to prefetch them to avoid having to delay these requests.
</p>

---

**UPDATE in v1.4.0**
<br /> <br />
Now only the data dragon files that are REQUIRED are fetched while making these requests,
making the requests significantly faster.

::

### Sample initialization config

```ts
const client = new Client('API_KEY');
client.initialize({
  cache: true,
  storage: false,
  region: 'na',
  logger: {
    enable: true,
    level: 'WARN'
  },
  ratelimiter: {
    strategy: 'spread',
    throw: true,
    retry: {
      retries: 5,
      retryDelay: 5000
    }
  },
  fetch: {
    champions: false,
    items: true,
    runes: true,
    summonerSpells: true
  }
});
```

With this config, our client will be initialized quickly, the default region will be set to `na`,
the locale will be set to `en-US`, which is the default locale for the region.

The data dragon files will be fetched from the API, but the champions will not be fetched.

The champions take the most time to fetch since there are so many of them and need to fetch 3 files for each of them.
It is still recommended to keep this enabled in production, but in development this can slow down the initialization a
lot.
This is why all pre-fetching is disabled by default.

The fetched files will not be stored anywhere, but the processed JS objects will be cached in memory.

### Updating locale and patch/version

League of Legends is a global, constantly-evolving game. There are players from a lot of different regions.
To allow fetching data in locales of all these various regions, the shieldbow client has the `updateLocale` utility.

It can be used as follows

```ts
await client.updateLocale('ko_KR', false);
```

Here, the first argument is the new locale you want to use. `ko_KR` is the default Korean locale.
The second argument (optional), is a `refetch` option. This defaults to `true` and will fetch all the data dragon data
right away using the new locale. This can take a while (almost the same amount as initialization)
if the data has not already been fetched and cached.

Similarly, every 2 weeks, the game is updated and all the values are updated. If you do not want to restart your app,
you can simply use the `updatePatch` method which works in a similar way.

```ts
await client.updatePatch('11.10', false);
```

Here, the first argument is the new patch you want the information from.
It must be the patch number and not the data dragon version.
The second argument is the `refetch` option that works in the same way as `updateLocale`.

### Next steps

From this point onwards, in the guide's code examples, we will be assuming,
we have initialized the client already as in the example above.
