# Client Caching

### What it is

The shieldbow client has a built-in caching system.

Caching systems are intended to store data in the memory to avoid fetching the same data multiple times.

The shieldbow cache serves three primary purposes.

1. To cache the processed JS objects of the data dragon files.
2. To cache the data fetched from the APIs.
3. To keep track of the rate limits.

::alert
**IMPORTANT**
<br /><br />
The cache is not intended to be used as a storage system.
::

::alert
**NOTE**
<br /><br />
Shieldbow sends processed JS objects to the cache, not the raw JSON data.
<br /><br />
The only exception to this is the ratelimits, which instead sends an array of numbers.
::

### How does it work

By default, shieldbow provides a built-in cache that stores the data in memory.
Some helpful links to learn more about this cache system:

- API docs: [MemoryCache](/api/classes/memorycache)
- Source code: [GitHub](https://github.com/TheDrone7/shieldbow/blob/update/v2/src/util/MemoryCache.ts)

Whenever you make a request to one of the APIs, the client will

1. Check if caching is enabled.
2. Check if the data is already cached.
3. If it is, it will return the cached data.
4. If not, it will proceed to [storage](/guide/storage).

Since storage is not a concern of this document, you can think of it as a way to fetch the data from the APIs.

### The defaults

By default, the client will cache all data it fetches, from both the data dragon, and the RIOT APIs.

This can be changed by setting the `cache` option to `false` when initializing the client.
You can set it to `true` to enable caching, or to an object to customize the cache.
The object can be fine-tuned to a per-API basis.

```ts
client.initialize({
  cache: {
    enable: {
      api: { // API caching
        summoner: true, // Enable or disable caching for the summoner API
        match: true, // Enable or disable caching for the match API
        // ... so on
      },
      dragon: {
        champions: true, // Enable or disable caching for the champions data dragon
        items: true, // Enable or disable caching for the items data dragon
        // ... so on
      }
    } // Enable or disable caching
  }
})
```

For quicker access, you can simply set `api` or `dragon` to `true` or `false` to
enable or disable caching for all APIs or data dragon data respectively.

This can be used at any level in the object.

---

### Custom cache

As you can see, the default cache is a simple in-memory cache.
This is not ideal for production environments, as the data will be lost when the process is restarted.

To solve this, you can provide your own cache system by implementing the [ICache](/api/interfaces/icache) interface.

```ts
import { ICache } from 'shieldbow'

class MyCache implements ICache {
  // ...
}
```

##### The keys

As you can see, the cache interface has a `get` and a `set` method that take a `key` and a `value` as parameters.

The `key` is a string that is used to identify the data in the cache.
The `value` is the data that is stored in the cache.

The `key` is generated by the client, and is unique for each API and data dragon data.

The keys are generated using the following format:

```ts
  `${managerName}:${id}`
```

Where `managerName` is the name of the manager that is fetching the data, and `id` is the id of the data.
Some common examples for `managerName` are `summoner`, `match`, `champion`, `item`, etc.

The `id` is the id of the data that is being fetched.
For example, if you are fetching the data for the champion `Aatrox`, the `id` will be `Aatrox`.

The values are always a JS object based on one of the shieldbow classes (e.g. a `Summoner` object).

::alert{type="danger"}
There is an exception to the rule for values, which is the ratelimits.
<br /><br />
This is discussed in the [Ratelimits](/guide/ratelimits) section.
::

---

### No cache

Because shieldbow needs a cache to be able to keep track of the ratelimits, you cannot disable caching completely.

However, you can disable caching for all the fetched data from RIOT APIs or data dragon.

This will lead to the client not caching any data, but still keeping track of the ratelimits.

