# Rate limiting

As of now, the client can handle rate limiting automatically.

This is done by storing the rate limit information in memory using the cache.

::alert{type="warning"}
**If you are building a custom caching solution**
<br /><br />
If the cache key begins with `limits:`, it is a rate limit key.
The value is an array of numbers.
::

The shieldbow v2 client can actually handle rate limits very well, even without having a shared cache.
As it relies on the response headers, it can process the rate limit information and update its own cache accordingly.

This way, you can use the client in a distributed environment, and it will still work.
Even without a shared cache!

### Customization

By providing some [RateLimiterOptions](/api/interfaces/ratelimiteroptions), you can customize the rate limiter.

Some useful options are:

1. `retry` (object): The retrying options, the client will only retry if the original request timed out.
   1. `retries` (number): The number of times to retry the request (default = 0).
   2. `retryDelay` (number): The delay between each retry in ms (default = 3000).
2. `throw` (boolean): Whether to throw an error when the rate limit is reached (default = true).
   If set to `false`, the client will delay the request until the rate limit is reset and send the request.
3. `strategy` (string): The strategy to use when the rate limit is reached.
   1. `burst` (default): The client will send the request immediately.
   2. `spread`: The client will calculate appropriate amount of delay for the request to avoid being ratelimited.

### Example

```ts
const client = new ShieldbowClient();
client.initialize({
  ratelimiter: {
    retry: {
      retries: 3,
      retryDelay: 5000,
    },
    throw: false,
    strategy: 'spread',
  },
});
```

---

### Custom Limits

Shieldbow also provides a way to set custom rate limits.

::alert{type="danger"}
This is not recommended but is only kept as a backup.
::

While I originally got a production API key, for some reason, I was not getting the rate limit headers.

This is a bug on RIOT's end, and was fixed eventually.
However, if you face the same issue, you can use the fixed rate limits.

Simply provide [appLimit](/api/interfaces/ratelimiteroptions#applimit) and [methodLimit](/api/interfaces/ratelimiteroptions#methodlimit) 
options for the ratelimiter config during initialization.

As a saving grace, however, these will automatically be overwritten by the response headers.


