# Migration Guide

This guide will help you migrate from v1.6.0 to v2.0.0.

Thankfully, there are not many breaking changes in this release,
but there are a few, and they will be covered here.

### Client configuration

The client configuration has been changed to be more flexible and
allow for more options in the future.

One of the biggest changes is to the `cache` option.

In v1.6.0, the `cache` option was actually for the `Storage` utilities.
And the `Cache` utilities were not configurable.
Also, the storage utilities were only available for data dragon.

In v2.0.0, the `cache` option is now a `Cache` config, and the
`storage` option is now a `Storage` config, and they both support
handling of data dragon and API data.

```ts
// v1.6.0
client.initialize({
  // ... (other options)
  cache: {
    enable: true,
    localRoot: 'dev/data'
  },
});

// v2.0.0
client.initialize({
  // ... (other options)
  storage: {
    enable: {
      dragon: true,
      api: false
    },
    root: 'dev/data'
  },
});
```

---

### Fetch options

The fetch options have also been changed to accommodate the new features
introduced to the client in v2.0.0

Most noticeably, `force` has been renamed to `ignoreCache`
as it is more descriptive of what it does now that the client
has a cache AND a storage medium.

```ts
// v1.6.0
client.summoner.fetch('id', {
  region: 'na',
  cache: true,
  force: true,
});

// v2.0.0
client.summoner.fetch('id', {
  region: 'na',
  cache: true,
  ignoreCache: true,
});
```

Additionally, there are now two new options: `ignoreStorage` and `store`.
Which work in a similar way to `ignoreCache` and `cache` respectively
but for the storage utilities instead of caching.

---

### Next steps

That's it for the migration guide. You are ready to use v2.0.0!

Feel free to check out the rest of the [documentation](/guide)
to check out all the other cool new stuff that has been added.

But otherwise, these changes should get the client working the
same way it was before.
