docs/guide/getting-started.md, before:

# Getting started

### About

Shieldbow is a powerful [Node.js](http://nodejs.org) module that enables you to easily interact with the [RIOT API](https://developer.riotgames.com/docs/portal).

Some features of shieldbow are

- Object-oriented
- Predictable
- Highly performant

### Installation

```shell
$ npm install --save shieldbow
```

Or if you prefer yarn

```shell
$ yarn add shieldbow
```

### Example usage

```ts
import { Client } from 'shieldbow';

const client = new Client('MY_API_KEY');

client.initialize({
  region: 'euw' // defaults to 'na'
}).then(async () => {
  // After initialization, you can use the client to make requests
  // For example, lets fetch the following details of a summoner
  // - Summoner name, summoner level
  // - SoloQ ranking and LP
  // - Highest champion mastery
  
  const summoner = await client.summoners.fetchBySummonerName('TheDrone7');
  const leagueEntry = await summoner.league;
  const championMastery = summoner.championMastery;
  
  const soloQ = leagueEntry.get('RANKED_SOLO_5x5');
  const highest = await championMastery.highest();
  
  console.log(`Summoner name: ${summoner.name} (level: ${summoner.level}).`);
  console.log(`SoloQ: ${soloQ.tier} ${soloQ.division} (${soloQ.lp} LP).`);
  console.log(`Highest champion mastery: ${highest.champion.name} (M${highest.level} ${highest.points} points).`);
});
```

Before you run this code, make sure you have replaced `MY_API_KEY` with your API key.
If you run the above code exactly as it is, it may seem like it is stuck (it's actually running).

This is because, by default, the client will fetch all patch data such as champions, items, runes, etc. during initialization.
This slows down the initialization but actually helps a lot when actually making requests.

Anyway, once the initialization completes, you will see something similar to the following data:
```
Summoner name: TheDrone7 (level: 259).
SoloQ: BRONZE III (9 LP).
Highest champion mastery: Kayn (M7 253061 points).
```

This can obviously change a lot.

::: tip See if it correctly fetches your own data!
Replace `euw` (line 6) with the region you play in and `TheDrone7` (line 14) with your own summoner name, then run the code again.
:::

---

### Next steps

- [API Documentation](https://thedrone7.github.io/shieldbow/api/shieldbow/)
- [Website](https://thedrone7.github.io/shieldbow/)
- [Github](https://github.com/TheDrone7/shieldbow)
- [Riot Games Third Party Developers Discord](https://discord.gg/riotgamesdevrel)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/shieldbow)

### Contributing

Before creating an [issue](https://github.com/TheDrone7/shieldbow/issues), 
please ensure that it hasn't already been reported or suggested, and double-check the **documentation**.

See the contribution guide if you'd like to submit a PR.

### Help

If there is anything you do not understand, feel free to reach out to me (@TheDrone7#1624) on the
[Riot Games Third Party Developers Discord](https://discord.gg/riotgamesdevrel).

Commit message:

Add client section to guide

docs/guide/getting-started.md, after:

# Getting started

### About

Shieldbow is a powerful [Node.js](http://nodejs.org) module that enables you to easily interact with the [RIOT API](https://developer.riotgames.com/docs/portal).

Some features of shieldbow are

- Object-oriented
- Predictable
- Highly performant

### Installation

```shell
$ npm install --save shieldbow
```

Or if you prefer yarn

```shell
$ yarn add shieldbow
```

### Example usage

```ts
import { Client } from 'shieldbow';

const client = new Client('MY_API_KEY');

client.initialize({
  region: 'euw' // defaults to 'na'
}).then(async () => {
  // After initialization, you can use the client to make requests
  // For example, lets fetch the following details of a summoner
  // - Summoner name, summoner level
  // - SoloQ ranking and LP
  // - Highest champion mastery
  
  const summoner = await client.summoners.fetchBySummonerName('TheDrone7');
  const leagueEntry = await summoner.league;
  const championMastery = summoner.championMastery;
  
  const soloQ = leagueEntry.get('RANKED_SOLO_5x5');
  const highest = await championMastery.highest();
  
  console.log(`Summoner name: ${summoner.name} (level: ${summoner.level}).`);
  console.log(`SoloQ: ${soloQ.tier} ${soloQ.division} (${soloQ.lp} LP).`);
  console.log(`Highest champion mastery: ${highest.champion.name} (M${highest.level} ${highest.points} points).`);
});
```

Before you run this code, make sure you have replaced `MY_API_KEY` with your API key.
If you run the above code exactly as it is, it may seem like it is stuck (it's actually running).

This is because, by default, the client will fetch all patch data such as champions, items, runes, etc. during initialization.
This slows down the initialization but actually helps a lot when actually making requests.

Anyway, once the initialization completes, you will see something similar to the following data:
```
Summoner name: TheDrone7 (level: 259).
SoloQ: BRONZE III (9 LP).
Highest champion mastery: Kayn (M7 253061 points).
```

This can obviously change a lot.

::: tip See if it correctly fetches your own data!
Replace `euw` (line 6) with the region you play in and `TheDrone7` (line 14) with your own summoner name, then run the code again.
:::

---

### Next steps

Next up, you can continue the guide and learn more about [the Client](/shieldbow/guide/client.html).

Or you can check out the following resources:

- [API Documentation](https://thedrone7.github.io/shieldbow/api/shieldbow/)
- [Website](https://thedrone7.github.io/shieldbow/)
- [Github](https://github.com/TheDrone7/shieldbow)
- [Riot Games Third Party Developers Discord](https://discord.gg/riotgamesdevrel)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/shieldbow)

### Contributing

Before creating an [issue](https://github.com/TheDrone7/shieldbow/issues), 
please ensure that it hasn't already been reported or suggested, and double-check the **documentation**.

See the contribution guide if you'd like to submit a PR.

### Help

If there is anything you do not understand, feel free to reach out to me (@TheDrone7#1624) on the
[Riot Games Third Party Developers Discord](https://discord.gg/riotgamesdevrel).
